To run project double click on run.bat file to get below screen.
In above screen enter number of nodes in the first text field and then click on ‘Generate Edge Network’ button to get below page.
In above screen in entered number of mobile nodes as 30 and after pressing ‘Generate Edge Network’ button will get red colour circles and mobile devices and blue colour circles are the edge servers and now click on ‘Initialize BTTO Algorithm’ button to initialize algorithm with each mobile cost and get below output.
In above screen in text area can see BTTO algorithm initialize with random cost and energy of each mobile node and now click on ‘Run Existing Task Offload’ button to offload task to edge server and get below output.
In above screen each node is offloading task to suitable available edge server and each black line indicate task offload between mobile device and Edge Server and now click on ‘Run Propose Offload Simulation’ button to offload task to edge server by using propose BTTO algorithm and get below page.
In above screen propose algorithm offloading task to edge server using BTTO algorithm and each request verified using extension SHA256 hash code and in text area can see generated hash code on request before sending and in next line can see hash code after receiving response and both hash code matching so request is successfully verified. By using request authentication extension technique mobile can have secure communication with edge and cloud servers. As extension technique each request data will be compressed to reduce transmission time and energy consumption and run the simulation (for each simulation run click on ‘Initialize BTTO Algorithm, Run Existing and Propose buttons) for 4 to 5 times and then generate graphs and then click on “Served MD Graph’ button to get below graph.
In above graph x-axis represents number of experiments and y-axis represents ‘Number of Mobile Devices Served’ and green line represents existing techniques and blue line represents propose technique and in both techniques can see Propose algorithm served maximum number of mobile devices and now click on ‘Energy Consumption Graph’ button to get below graph.
In above energy consumption graph x-axis represents number of experiments and y-axis represents energy consumption in joules and then green line represents existing energy consumption and blue line represents propose energy consumption and in both techniques propose got less energy consumption and now click on ‘Extension Energy Graph’ button to get below extension energy graph.
In above extension energy graph x-axis represents ‘Number of experiments’ and y-axis represents ‘Energy Consumption’ and then green line represents propose data transfer energy consumption and blue line represents extension compress data transfer energy consumption and in both techniques extension took less energy.
